#!/bin/csh -f
make -f system.make
make -f memmgr.make
make -f VMEacq.make
make -f DSSDacq.make
make -f VMEtest.make
make -f bios.make
make -f cnafxx.make
make -f data_proc.make
make -f devchk.make
make -f fastxx.make
make -f kill_acq.make
make -f localcnaf.make
make -f testvme.make
make -f vmebug.make
make -f vme1_boot.make
make -f vme2_boot.make
make -f vme3_boot.make
make -f vme4_boot.make
make -f vme5_boot.make
make -f vme6_boot.make
make -f vme7_boot.make
make -f vme8_boot.make
make -f vme9_boot.make
make -f vme10_boot.make
make -f vme11_boot.make
make -f vme12_boot.make
make -f vme_listen.make
make -f sav_res.make
make -f vmemon.make
make -f rmsxx.make
make -f drsxx.make
make -f lnfxx.make
make -f ln_alarm.make
make -f stopln.make
make -f VMEacq60.make
make -f testvme60.make
make -f vmebug60.make
make -f memmgr60.make
make -f vme_boot60.make
make -f sav_res60.make
make -f vme_listen60.make
make -f vmexx.make

